[ci skip] Clarify Active Job queue backends (#57397)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_job_basics.md

Alternate Queuing Backends
--------------------------

Active Job can be used with multiple queuing backends.

> Here is a noncomprehensive list of queue backends supporting ActiveJob:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a noncomprehensive list of queue backends supporting Active Job:
```

- [Sidekiq](https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq/wiki/Active-Job)
- [Resque](https://github.com/resque/resque#rails-example)
- [Delayed Job](https://github.com/collectiveidea/delayed_job#active-job)
- [Good Job](https://github.com/bensheldon/good_job)
- [Solid Queue](https://github.com/rails/solid_queue)
- [Que](https://github.com/que-rb/que#additional-rails-specific-setup)
- [Sneakers](https://github.com/jondot/sneakers/wiki/How-To:-Rails-Background-Jobs-with-ActiveJob)
- [Queue Classic](https://github.com/QueueClassic/queue_classic#active-job)

> The early releases of ActiveJob had adapter built-in, but a decision was later made to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The early releases of Active Job had adapters built-in, but a decision was later made to 
```
